What is 3*4?
At what age can you eat potatoes?
What is 8+15+7-9?
What is the capital of California? 
How many are in a baker's dozen?
What is (8*9)++? 
Who wrote the play Hamlet?
At what water depth can you no longer fart?
What is an appropriate subsitute for eggs in baking?
If you eat a polar bear, what vitamin will you overdose on?
What is not a berry?
What is older than the Aztecs?
The ____ war was a war that people lost to this animal?
Select the oldest
At what speed does ketchup exit the iconic Heinz Ketchup glass bottle in inches per second?
What is the largest desert?
What did Lauren make?
What is not a basic starter Pokemon?
Who is Moko's best friend?
Samsung belongs to what country?
What edible food never goes bad?
What is pi to the 10th digit?
What is Scotland's national animal?
Being scared of 13 is called what?
What amount of guinea pigs is it illegal to own in Switzerland
Where was Henry Ford born?
Where is salmon sushi from?
Jackson's Robotics team mascot is?
What university does Mr. Simmons hate?
Celery tastes like what?
What is (18*4+(e^0)-(sqrt(225)))/(tan(pi/4))?
Which utensil was considered to be low class? 
What is the best comic book cartoon? 
Who was the greatest pirate to exist? 
At what depth can you no longer see red? 
What is the worst game ever to exist? 
How many days are in Phineas and Ferb's summer vacation? 
Bill Nye the ___? 
What did Thomas Jefferson not know? 
What does Julius Caesar's Library of Alexandria rhyme with? 
Bangkok is to Thailand as mitochondria are to what? 
Carl Benda is a scientist best known for doing what? 
What is the name of the sun in Teletubbies? 
What is the second ingredient in Mountain Dew? 
What color is the milk of a hippo? 
How many differnt flavors in Fruit Loops? 
How old is a 2007-er in 2023? 
What is the capital of Kansas? 
What is the capital of Michigan?
What is the name of the colorful cereal? 
What can correct your pen mistakes?
What do you call an oreo that has cream twice its mass?
What notes are in the CMaj13 Chord?
As of June 7th Marvels, Morbius has a __% on rotten tomatoes
A group of kittens is called a what?
The mayor of Talkeetna Alaska is a cat named what?
what color cat was born in Denmark 1995?
What color is the skin of a polar bear?
Aardvarks have how many teeth?
Who killed Abraham Lincoln?
When did the first person land on the moon?
Twitters original name was what?
What scale is used to measre the intesnity of earthquakes?
What is the largest organ in the human body?
Name of Batman's butler?
What is the largest bone in the human body?
In Studio Ghibli's Totoro, what are the names of the black spirits
On which date did it snow in the Sahara
Which paint color dries the fastest?
What is pumonary embolism?
What is the Rh Factor?
____ is a rare disorder in which blood does not clot normally
What does a nephrologist treat?
Best Holiday?
What did the other reindeer not let Rudolph do?
Highest grossing Christmas movie?
How many gifts were given in total in the twelve days of christmas?
What holiday was jingle bells written for?
Who sang fly me to the moon?
What happens when you type https://youtu.be/dQw4w9WgXcQ into youtube?
First non english film to win best picture at the Oscars?
Who is X Æ A-12?
Name of the alternate dimension in Stranger things
Under which president were the most shrek movies released?
What is the name of the cat in Kiki's Delivery Service?
Brand Name and Slogan: "Just do it!"
Like a good neighbor ___ is there!
Brand Name and Slogan: "Fifteen minutes could save you 15 or more on car insurance"
Brand Name and Slogan: "Whats in your wallet"
Name of Caleb's Mii on original MiiVerse
Serial killer who dressed as a clown went by this alias
Which killer claimed he was being controlled by a demon dog
Corn Palace's mascot's name
Kirby known fact: 
What animation inspired the movie 'Inception'
In the movie ratatouille what is the main Slogan
Ratatouille: What did the french man do with his thumb
Name of neurological condition that allows people to taste colors
Ab major triad consists of which notes?
First person convicted of speeding was going how fast?
What is not apart of the rose family?
Which is more abundant
Why did some dinosaurs swallow rocks?
Cookie monsters real name
How long can snails sleep for
Fear of vegetables is called?
Official sport of the state of Maryland?
What job did Pope Francis do in school
Fear of opinions is called what?
What was the last letter to be added to the alphabet?
First pokemon to be created?
Japan has 1 vending machine for every ___ people
How many seconds is a jiffy?
Which is more abundant?
How many teeth do snails have?
Most printed book in the world is the?
What did Joshua James throw at a drive thru window?
World record for mot times being struck by lightning?

